
# in iosys
    add a set_status method
        gets called by both cpu and the io devices when done
        if activating IO
            calls that io routines
    add check status
        if IO active
            calls that io routines

slow_in
    errormesg unknown char, convert to g15 hex before print

add @<inttrs_count>  <cmd...>


test non-zero /L27
    is sign bit suppose to enter to determination?
        assume yes.
        AR/PN should never contain a minus-0, but data words might

iosys.get_status
    should it return boolean Ready or the entire variable
        entire variable
    wait unitl ptr is fed through to iosys to decide.
    modify cmds.py:verify to use

disassembler
    use dgreen's format, raw terms, followed by derived terms.
    add .s style output

source PDF documents.
    convert to programs

button on
    readblock message.
    simplifiy?

attach GUI

cmp prompt
    needs double CR before displaying prompt.

move NT creation to cpu from PTR.
    have PTR compare tape block against stored NT

on dissassembly
    add field to drum memory indicating which tape block was block of orgin
    when tape is copied into 19, label with origin tape block
    when a block copy is performed copying track to track (usually from 19)
        copy tape block id with it.
    when printing code disassembly during trace execution, add tape block prefix.

on block commands
    copies or AR+, add to dissassembly fields start and end times of the block.

TTR12:
    u 38,37,0,28,28  What does this one do.

cpu dc button off
    should terminate simuations, not just lock sim engine

typewriter
    add direct G15 command input
    add alphanumeric modes

error if 1st block read after power on is not NT

subrinit is not getting called

reduce checksum routines
    PTR has two
    drum has one
    subr has one.
        bbelieve subr should be the golden one

delete any unneeded xplicit implementations under special

can we eliminate int variable type
    use comp2s of known size (29 or 58)
    always add instead of subtract

replace int(x,0) with a g15 hex equivalent

verbose does not register with cmd interpreter unlike verbosity

cpu has hex converting routine
    have created another (not debugged in subr)
    pick one (is cpu only place where used)

add history to typewriter output
    list history to move to iosys

architectural questions:
    should minus0 writes to AR,be changed to pos0
        emulator currently does this.

TTR12 abnominallies
    two loaders on tape prior to TTR1
    ttr12 from PF and DG are different
    TTR1 0:19  T=20 in listing, T=21 in tape

cpu children verbosity flags should point back to cpu module
    instead of during __init__ constructioon
    to allow dynamic setting


Python/Verilog differences:
    need to check Verilog:
        instr 18 at wr 30: print AR
            coding manual (and python) clears AR
            while Verilog does not
        instr 26 at wrt 32,  repeatedly waiting for IOReady,   ACC begins to rotate left by four bits
            why?  not always, just sometimes.
            4-bit precess implies IO character arrived.
            but why does ACC precess?  shouldn't this be contained to iO-subsystem?

paragraph D61 return exit
    different results with compute sw in go or bp

need to add a CPU.close() at sim shutdown
    needs to call vtrace logger
